TODO FAQ Section:
------------------

Many of my neighbors leave their front porch light on all night?
	While our streets have some street lamps in front, many owners run their porch lights overnight as a courtesy to increase visility along the front sidewalk.

What are the rules for installing a new fence in the neighborhood?
	Please submit a fence plan to the HOA secretary for review.

	The neighborhood guidelines are meant to encourage attractive fences that do not block pedestrians and motorists ability to see each-other at intersections. 
	
	If installing a fence near an intersection, please take particular care to select a shorter, more easily seen through, fence.

	The HOA rules allow non-privacy fences less than four feet tall, and which must not be chain link. 

	The city also requires a permit to add a fence. If you use a contrator, the contractor will likely handle getting the permit.

I'm thinking of moving to Savannah Green in Urbana.
	Can I get floor plans for common models?
	What's the financial condition of the HOA?


I would like to get to know my neighbors.
	Post to the Facebook page.
	Attend an HOA meeting.
	Say hi at the park.
	Community Yard Sale.

What are my association dues paying for?
	- Upkeep and lighting in the park.

I'm interested in becoming involved with the HOA.
	Great! HOA meetings are announced on Facebook and open to all residents.

I'm looking for garbage service, lawn care, or garage door repair. Can I get recommendations? 
	Yes. Please feel free to request and share recommendations for local service providers on the neighborhood Facebook page!

My mailbox has fallen over, can/should I repair my own mailbox?
	Yes. The Post Office has confirmed that home owners are expected to maintain their own mailboxes here. This is a fairly common repair, so you may find value in asking for tips from neighbors on the Facebook page.

Is there a time when big items are picked up by the city for trash?

I need a letter stating that my HOA dues are paid.

Where to report parking violations?

Is it okay to park in people's yards by the alley?

Where to report nuisances?

Where to report potholes?

Pile of trash?

